all right Oh next well first of all we
changed some settings so hopefully this
Matthew hope so 17 minutes long so guy
Tonio Cesaro vs. r-truth r-truth
challenging it for the u.s. title even
though that really wasn't anybody's
Tennessee Porter Kofi Kingston right in
a backstage segment area is justin
gabriel for second time I what else are
here yes Antonio Cesaro it's pretty good
about that yes with his patented low leg
supported rocky inference the former
rugby player whose band I like how it
has the hair down he could do the
crowning become that yeah no pattern
moments yep that's good where we lost it
mr. Gable swish and flick
Wow he hits where's your shaman who
over that
Joe's desire this gimmick that every
year 15 guys ever done
she's a grand prix of races to the
profound Americans fully address that's
right all right now the Challenger the
mentally challenged man first wife here
he comes wait a minute Oh dancing oh
yeah he's dancing where's little Jimmy's
for all the fruit showings here oh yeah
oh oh oh yeah first
is that there's a first k a champion Wow
boys where's
little Jimmy today is that there it
doesn't have that
he'll archery
it's like a soda
Spurs
I've been a free no spiders in the rain
suit oh shoot bullshit spider suits
person my grandmama will make a spicy
no need too much
thank you very much yeah
he's dated
my window goes
schubert he's looking for me can't find
them where is equal Jimmy rail where is
little Jimmy always talking to him right
now loses virginity right now so what
the fuck remember that you talk to
puberty and all the little Jimmy is
losing his virginity but they're in the
show for the dactyls to the decals Wow
spend it on the show Wow John Wow let's
move shut remember this is something
else is over this pay-per-view something
else one of those all rights for the
u.s. title right where it's all about
I'm worthless mid car title yeah yeah
she tells like an Amish oh right nope is
the alternate between look maybe
shouldn't have both that's truly be one
hah alright here we go you're gonna tell
us stories on the shows oh wow wow right
out of the gates you're no one drop
keeping we can do
that's pretty good the voice concerns
the corner ow piglet
well done boy one two three oh shit was
almost 2300 yeah 12 oh my god live in
crazy brains are free what is this look
at this one two three it's a squash
match cronin what is up at the scheme AZ
squash bag and tie us as i resonate as
US Championship a good time what the
first over frozen county fries at work
through these what is going on Antonio
Cesaro has retained this championship
banners darn it oh my god
what is hell just happened blue staff
particular together I'm on the site no
that's it that's the way that's the bag
that's the outcome Reuters and very
impressive impressive technical
performance by Cesaro series of
reversals any window with a match-high
wait so in solution I'll see the match
highlights here we go ready here they
are there's 135 seconds in the decisive
moment here was do this reversed 120 no
you gets the bridge reverses it into it
what do they call that a backslide I
forget skull and he gets the pan after
one offensive move antonio cesaro I've
second wins the match you save it 35
second max yeah wow it's gotta be one of
her I'm so ready for me to be a little
longer to the cinema I don't know if
that was supposed to happen maybe if you
got to put on the different different
already hard that does okay oh boy